doc: new Clever Tools documentation (#667)
CleverCloud/clever-tools: docs/services-depedencies.md

# Clever Cloud Services dependencies

> On Clever Cloud, applications can expose configuration to share environment variables with other services within the same account/organization. Addons are preconfigured with an exposed configuration. Thus, when they're linked to an application, they automatically share credentials or important variables needed to configure and use them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Clever Cloud, applications can expose configuration to share environment variables with other services within the same account/organization. Add-ons are preconfigured with an exposed configuration. Thus, when they're linked to an application, they automatically share credentials or important variables needed to configure and use them.
```
